Update full tutorials from develop (#567)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/tutorials/complete_applications/complete_application/step_05/ReadMe.md

Reviewer: please rename the file

    # Go through all the primary scenarios
    all_scenarios = sorted(tp.get_primary_scenarios(), key=lambda x: x.creation_date.timestamp())

    for scenario in all_scenarios:
        rmse_baseline, mae_baseline = scenario.metrics_baseline.read()
        rmse_ml, mae_ml = scenario.metrics_ml.read()

        # Store scenario data in a dictionary
        scenario_data.append({
            "Scenario Name": scenario.name,
            "RMSE baseline": rmse_baseline,
            "MAE baseline": mae_baseline,
            "RMSE ML": rmse_ml,
            "MAE ML": mae_ml
        })

    # Create a DataFrame from the scenario_data list
    state.comparison_scenario = pd.DataFrame(scenario_data)

performance = Markdown("pages/performance/performance.md")
```

It includes the following components:

- **Global Variables**:

The variables `comparison_scenario`, `metric_selector`, and `selected_metric` are initialized. The `comparison_scenario` DataFrame stores the comparison data, while `metric_selector` holds the options for the metric selector. `selected_metric` is initialized with the default metric, which is the first element of the metric_selector list (RMSE).

- **Compare Function**:

> The compare function is responsible for performing the comparison process. When the user clicks the "Compare" button, this function is called. It retrieves the primary scenarios from the application and goes through each scenario to extract the RMSE and MAE metrics for both baseline and machine learning predictions. The data is then stored in the comparison_scenario DataFrame.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The compare function is responsible for performing the comparison process. This function is called when the user clicks the "Compare" button. It retrieves the primary scenarios from the application and goes through each scenario to extract the RMSE and MAE metrics for both baseline and machine learning predictions. The data is then stored in the comparison_scenario DataFrame.
```

- **Performance Page Initialization**:

The performance variable is initialized as a Markdown object, representing the content of the Performance Page.

> The Performance Page of the Python application provides users with the ability to compare the performance metrics of different scenarios for time series predictions. It allows users to choose between RMSE and MAE metrics and visualizes the comparison results using bar charts. The page is a valuable tool for analyzing the effectiveness of different prediction scenarios and can aid in making informed decisions based on performance evaluations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Performance Page in the Python application lets users compare how well different scenarios perform when making time series predictions. Users can select between RMSE and MAE metrics and see the comparison results displayed as bar charts. This page is a useful tool for assessing the efficiency of various prediction scenarios and can assist in making informed decisions based on performance evaluations.
```
